	I really enjoyed completing this homework assignment. I feel like I am a lot more proficient at coding in SQL after completing this homework assignment. Importing the quickdatabase diagram into pgAdmin correctly took me a couple of attempts before I did it correctly. I then imported all of the data from the csvs that I was using into tables using the Import/Export function in pgAdmin. I used a left join to be able to answer question one. The results looked just like how I expected them to.
	For the second question, I selected data from all of the employees where the hire date occurred in 1986 and ordered it by the employee number. The third question took me a while to figure out until I came up with the conclusion to use an inner join for the departments and a left join for the employees. I also realized while doing this question that the dept_managers table did not initially import correctly when I imported the tables and I had to reimport the table. After fixing this issue, I created the table with all of the information that was asked of me for the third question.
	I needed to perform two left joins in order to answer the fourth question. First, I performed a left join of the department employee and he employee number. Then, I performed a left join of the departments and the department employee. For the fifth question, I performed a select star statement where the first name is Hercules and the last name is like ‘B%’ after googling syntax specifically for scenarios where you are trying to pull data starting with a specific letter.
	For the sixth question, I performed a left join and an inner join. I performed a left join of the department employee and the employee number. I performed an inner join of the departments and the department number where the department name is sales to make sure that all of the employees listed are in the sales department. For question seven, I wrote similar code to the code I wrote for question six except I made sure that I included both the sales department and the development department in my where statement.
	For the eighth question, I used a group by statement and an order by statement to list the frequency count of employee last names in descending order. It was interesting to see all the common last names that the employees have. I made sure to save all of my output for each question in separate excel files. I feel like I improved my SQL skills a lot by completing this assignment.
